README for LAB1

This is Team Seven's version of the game of Set. Set is a card game in which players create sets using the cards dealt. Detailed rules below.

Requirements:
  colorize
    - To install, run the command "gem install colorize"

Number of players: 1-2 players. If you wish to play as a single player, play as Player A and ignore player B.

To run the game: on the command line enter "ruby set.rb"
(Note: Written using ruby 2.7.1p83 (2020-03-31 revision a0c7c23c9c) [x86_64-linux])


How to Play:
The deck of cards consists of 81 unique cards. Each card has 4 attributes - color, symbol, number, and shading.
Each attribute has 3 possible options.
	Color: red, green, or purple
	Symbol: oval, squiggle, or diamond
	Number: 1, 2, or 3
	Shading: solid, open, or striped

At the start of the game, 12 cards are dealt.

Players A and B try to find a set as fast as possible. There is no need to take turns, as the goal is to find more sets than the other player. One correctly identified set = 1 point. The current score is reported after each player's turn.


A set consists of 3 cards satisfying the following characterstic: any single attribute is either the same on all 3 cards or different on all 3 cards.
An example of a valid set is the following:

Card	Color		Number		Symbol		Shading
0	    purple		3		    oval		  open
1	    red		    2		    oval		  striped
2	    green		  1		    oval		  solid

Here the color, number, and shading attributes are different on all 3 cards while the symbol attribute is the same on all 3 cards.

Be sure to type your Player letter ("A" or "B") before entering the card numbers that you think are sets.
The format for Player A for typing in your answer is: "A #,#,#" where # represents the card numbers.
The format for Player B for typing in your answer is: "B #,#,#" where # represents the card numbers.
(It is okay if there are spaces between the comma and the next number.)

If players don't see any sets, they can enter "n" for 3 additional cards. Only 21 cards at a time are allowed on the table, so if a player asks for additional cards after that, they are given the option to continue playing or end the game by entering "y" or "n" respectively.

If players want help, they can enter "h" for a hint. The hint will give them 2 cards which are part of a possible set.

Our game is based off of the description of Set found on Wikipedia from the following link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_(card_game)

